Ansible services; starting, stopping, enabling, and disabling.
So these refer to the Linux means of managing how a service is run.
When we're talking about enabling,
that means that when the system restarts,
that service will start automagically.
When we're talking about starting,
we're just talking about in the temporal moment of now,
of making that service run.
But when the system restarts,
the service will not necessarily start again unless it's in enabled state.
So these are important distinctions.
We also need to pay attention to the daemon reload.
The reason why this is important is,
let's say we've installed a new program and it hasn't yet been registered by systemd.
With daemon reload, we can cause it to take
those temporary state changes and put them into effect. This is very important.